you
hello and welcome to another hair
tutorial will show you how to create a
glamorous half a suit with the perfect
piece for this hairstyle is essential to
use quality bobby pins so make sure to
find those with a very firm hold my own
hair is very thin so for a more dramatic
look I have already attached my glam
team hair extensions and it will be
curled them away from my face like I've
shown in one of my previous videos I'll
start on teasing the growl of my hair if
your own hair is thick and you're going
for a less dramatic effect you could
actually skip this step to tease your
hair without damaging it it's very
important to start with brushed off
tangle free hair you want to be very
gentle when you tease it and also when
you remove teasing afterwards for the
best results and usually work with
one-inch wide sections I lightly
backcomb each section that I take and
then set it with flexible lights to
medium hold hairspray for a more
romantic look I'm going to leave the
front sections of hair to frame my face
but it's just a matter of taste and you
could as well incorporate them into the
book once all the hair is teased you
want to smooth out the surface by gently
gliding on top of it without brushing
the hair soup now it's time to take all
the teased hair and form a proof we can
push it as high up as we want so using a
second mirror we should check the
profile and find the most flattering
position to secure it with the trick to
secure this both with bobby pins without
showing them is the formula firstly we
want to gently twist to the hairs as we
hold
then we need to catch some hair from the
twisted edge of the booth with a batter
can reverse it in the opposite direction
and push it under the roof for maximum
hold we want to cross this Vatican with
another one to form an x-ray so I direct
the second pocket being under the pouf
pushing it into the hair until it gets
totally competent two bobby pins work
great for my hair let's feel free to use
as many as you need now it's time to fix
image real imperfections and set our
hair with a hairspray this is the
finished look and those of you who would
like to know how I get all these tees
and outs later on can check out my
earlier video where I talk about it in
detail leave me a comment and let me
know how this hairstyle turned out for
you and if you're not yet subscribed
feel free to do it today to receive
notifications about my new beads I thank
you very much for watching and I see in
my next video bye bye